Guo Suzhen, what are you doing?
From small to large
I have never had anything like it.
I want to destroy my hard-won figure
I still want to take away my ability to start
Of course I have to teach you a lesson
Wait for me Gu Sisen
Have you ever considered
Has always protected me
It's not because it has anything to do with me
It's because of who I am
What identity can you have?
It's not because you seduced Xu Jing
Do you want to get something from him?
Look at your bleeding
Xu Gong dared not listen to me
How dare you say you have nothing to do with him?
Do you believe it or not?
Just because I am
Whether you mean it or not
As long as I want
I can make you silent
The world has disappeared
But you don't want to protect the daughter at all
Can you use this for a lifetime?
He knows who I am.
No, absolutely not this.